README.md, before:

# QA-Tools
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aik099/qa-tools.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aik099/qa-tools)
[![Scrutinizer Quality Score](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/aik099/qa-tools/badges/quality-score.png?s=d31359d014d2f9cf76e3734055b2dadd5925eb8e)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/aik099/qa-tools/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/aik099/qa-tools/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/aik099/qa-tools?branch=master)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/52ad65f5ec1375a2870000b2/badge.png)](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/52ad65f5ec1375a2870000b2)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/aik099/qa-tools/v/stable.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/aik099/qa-tools)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/aik099/qa-tools/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/aik099/qa-tools)

Quality assurance utilities for functional tests written on PHP.

Library implements __PageObject pattern__, used in variety of testing frameworks (e.g. Selenium browser automation framework).

## Website and Documentation

* [http://www.qa-tools.io](http://www.qa-tools.io)

## Installation using Composer

Define the dependencies in your ```composer.json```:

```json
{
	"require": {
		"aik099/qa-tools": "dev-master",
		"mindplay/annotations": "dev-master"
	}
}
```

Install/update your vendors:

```bash
$ curl http://getcomposer.org/installer | php
$ php composer.phar install
```

Commit message:

Updated CONTRIBUTION.md and README.md
Changed text for "Asking Questions" and added same to README.md

README.md, after:

# QA-Tools
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/aik099/qa-tools.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/aik099/qa-tools)
[![Scrutinizer Quality Score](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/aik099/qa-tools/badges/quality-score.png?s=d31359d014d2f9cf76e3734055b2dadd5925eb8e)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/aik099/qa-tools/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/aik099/qa-tools/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/aik099/qa-tools?branch=master)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/52ad65f5ec1375a2870000b2/badge.png)](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/52ad65f5ec1375a2870000b2)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/aik099/qa-tools/v/stable.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/aik099/qa-tools)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/aik099/qa-tools/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/aik099/qa-tools)

Quality assurance utilities for functional tests written on PHP.

Library implements __PageObject pattern__, used in variety of testing frameworks (e.g. Selenium browser automation framework).

## Website and Documentation

* [http://www.qa-tools.io](http://www.qa-tools.io)

## Asking Questions
Feel free to ask any questions and share your experiences on the [Support Page](http://www.qa-tools.io/support/) and help to improve the documentation.

## Installation using Composer

Define the dependencies in your ```composer.json```:

```json
{
	"require": {
		"aik099/qa-tools": "dev-master",
		"mindplay/annotations": "dev-master"
	}
}
```

Install/update your vendors:

```bash
$ curl http://getcomposer.org/installer | php
$ php composer.phar install
```
