api/01-PageObject.md, before:

---
layout:     page
title:      PageObject
categories: [api]
gh-file:    api/01-PageObject.md
---

## aik099\QATools\PageObject
No internal dependencies.

Implementation of Page Object pattern as done in Selenium Java library.

### Class Overview


| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Page` | Abstract class for creating dedicated classes for each of the website pages, that needs to be tested (descendant of [DocumentElement](http://mink.behat.org/api/behat/mink/element/documentelement.html)). |
| `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Element\WebElement` | Class for interacting with __one__ element on page (descendant of [NodeElement](http://mink.behat.org/api/behat/mink/element/nodeelement.html)). |
| `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Element\ElementContainer` | Abstract class for creating dedicated classes, that will encapsulate associated elements on a page. |

### Annotation Overview

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `@find-by` | Tells how to find element on a page. |
| `@page-url` | Sets default url, associated with a Page. |

### Usage

1. create subclass from `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Page` class
2. add class properties, that have `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Element\WebElement` or `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Element\ElementContainer` in their `@var` annotation
3. create public method(-s), that would use properties defined before

[Continue to Examples](/examples/01-PageObject)

Commit message:

Documentation improvements
1. adding ElementCollection class to available element class list
2. adding examples of collection using
3. moving out element namespace to table header to make whole table easier to read

api/01-PageObject.md, after:

---
layout:     page
title:      PageObject
categories: [api]
gh-file:    api/01-PageObject.md
---

## aik099\QATools\PageObject
No internal dependencies.

Implementation of Page Object pattern as done in Selenium Java library.

### Class Overview

#### Elements (namespace: `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Element`) 

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `WebElement` | Class for interacting with __one__ element on page (descendant of [NodeElement](http://mink.behat.org/api/behat/mink/element/nodeelement.html)). |
| `WebElementCollection` | Class for interacting with __several__ elements on page via iterator. |
| `ElementContainer` | Base class for creating dedicated classes, that will encapsulate associated elements on a page. |

#### Other

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Page` | Base class for creating dedicated classes for each of the website pages, that needs to be tested (descendant of [DocumentElement](http://mink.behat.org/api/behat/mink/element/documentelement.html)). |

### Annotation Overview

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `@find-by` | Tells how to find element on a page. |
| `@page-url` | Sets default url, associated with a Page. |

### Usage

1. create subclass from `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Page` class
2. add class properties, that have any element class from described above in their `@var` annotation
3. create public method(-s), that would use properties defined before

[Continue to Examples](/examples/01-PageObject)
