api/02-HtmlElements.md, before:

---
layout:     page
title:      HtmlElements
categories: [api]
gh-file:    api/02-HtmlElements.md
---

## aik099\QATools\HtmlElements
Depends on `aik099\QATools\PageObject`.

Solution of the major problem with PageObject implementation (that original library had) - each element had all methods and even ones, that have no effect on element itself. For example a `setValue` method existed for a `H1` tag.

### Class Overview

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TypifiedPage` | Abstract class for creating dedicated classes for each of website pages, that needs to be tested. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TypifiedElement` | Base class for all other elements in this library, that wraps around WebElement and only exposes methods, that are common for all elements. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\ElementContainer` | Abstract class for creating dedicated classes, that will encapsulate associated elements on a page (typified version of `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\ElementContainer`). |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\LabeledElement` | Element, that has associated LABEL element on a page (e.g. radio button or a checkbox). |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\Button` | Button. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\Checkbox` | Checkbox. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\Form` | Form. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\Link` | Link. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\RadioGroup` | Group of radio buttons. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\Select` | Dropdown. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TextBlock` | Div or span. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TextInput` | Text box or text area. |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\FileInput` | Single file upload. |

### Annotation Overview

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `@name` | Sets optional element name to be used instead of ClassName in error messages (e.g. when element was not found on a page). |

### Usage

1. create subclass from `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TypifiedPage` class
2. add class properties, that have `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\Element\WebElement` or any other element class described above in their `@var` annotation
3. create public method, that would use properties defined before

[Continue to Examples](/examples/02-HtmlElements)

Commit message:

Documentation improvements
1. adding ElementCollection class to available element class list
2. adding examples of collection using
3. moving out element namespace to table header to make whole table easier to read

api/02-HtmlElements.md, after:

---
layout:     page
title:      HtmlElements
categories: [api]
gh-file:    api/02-HtmlElements.md
---

## aik099\QATools\HtmlElements
Depends on `\aik099\QATools\PageObject`.

Solution of the major problem with PageObject implementation (that original library had) - each element had all methods and even ones, that have no effect on element itself. For example a `setValue` method existed for a `H1` tag.

### Class Overview

#### Elements (namespace: `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\Element`)

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `TypifiedElement` | Base class for all other elements in this library, that wraps around WebElement and only exposes methods, that are common for all elements. |
| `AbstractTypifiedElementCollection` | Base class for all other elements in this library, that operate on a group of typified elements. |
| `ElementContainer` | Base class for creating dedicated classes, that will encapsulate associated elements on a page (typified version of `\aik099\QATools\PageObject\ElementContainer` class). |
| `LabeledElement` | Element, that has associated LABEL element on a page (e.g. radio button or a checkbox). |
| `Form` | Form. |
| `Checkbox` | Checkbox. |
| `Link` | Link. |
| `RadioGroup` | Group of radio buttons (extends `AbstractTypifiedElementCollection`). |
| `RadioButton` | Single radio button. |
| `Select` | Dropdown. |
| `TextBlock` | Div or span. |
| `TextInput` | Text box or text area. |
| `FileInput` | Single file upload. |
| `Button` | Button. |

#### Other

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TypifiedPage` | Base class for creating dedicated classes for each of website pages, that needs to be tested. |

### Annotation Overview

| Name | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `@name` | Sets optional element name to be used instead of ClassName in error messages (e.g. when element was not found on a page). |

### Usage

1. create subclass from `\aik099\QATools\HtmlElements\TypifiedPage` class
2. add class properties, that have any element class from described above in their `@var` annotation
3. create public method, that would use properties defined before

[Continue to Examples](/examples/02-HtmlElements)
